README.md, before:

# Starship Troopers Game
Single Player 2D Canvas games based on the Starship Troopers Movie.
Built with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and extra side of awesome.

<img src="images/logo.png"/>


## HOW TO PLAY
- Move the player using the arrow keys until he reaches the ship to scape Planet P.
- You have 5 lives and you lose one each time you touches a bug.
- Each level increases the Bug speed and the hero speed.
- At game over you start at level one again.
- Up to what level can you reach?

## SUPPORTED BROWSERS
- Chrome 24+
- Firefox 18+
- IE 9+

## KNOWN ISSUES
- No support for touch/mobile devices
- No Sprite Movement of Bugs

## REFERENCE MATERIAL
- Google Docs - Game Outline: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rVt0Ha27pt-djT9bWT4tZZd377Im8h0IIJjnfU_QLz4/edit?usp=sharing
- Canva: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API
- Using Tiles to Draw the Canvas: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Techniques/Tilemaps
- Collision Detection: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Tutorials/2D_Breakout_game_pure_JavaScript/Collision_detection
- Draw Canvas, Hero and Bugs: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/drawImage
- Hero Movements on Keypress: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Techniques/Control_mechanisms/Desktop_with_mouse_and_keyboard
- Game Loop: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Anatomy
- Sprite Movement: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40324351/how-to-move-a-sprite-forward-in-javascript
- HTML5 Game Course: https://devdojo.com/course/html5-platform-game/introduction
- HTML5 Game Example: https://www.creativebloq.com/html5/build-tile-based-html5-game-31410992
- Javascript Game Book:https://books.google.ca/books?id=E_amBAAAQBAJ&lpg=PR23&pg=PR31#v=onepage&q&f=false


### Created By
- Julliana Bauer
- John Robertson

Commit message:

Fixed Bug Sprite Movement \o/
Fixed Bug Sprite Movement

README.md, after:

# Starship Troopers Game
Single Player 2D Canvas games based on the Starship Troopers Movie.
Built with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and extra side of awesome.

<img src="images/logo.png"/>


## HOW TO PLAY
- Move the player using the arrow keys until he reaches the ship to scape Planet P.
- You have 5 lives and you lose one each time you touches a bug.
- Each level increases the Bug speed and the hero speed.
- At game over you start at level one again.
- Up to what level can you reach?

## SUPPORTED BROWSERS
- Chrome 24+
- Firefox 18+
- IE 9+

## KNOWN ISSUES
- No support for touch/mobile devices

## REFERENCE MATERIAL
- Google Docs - Game Outline: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rVt0Ha27pt-djT9bWT4tZZd377Im8h0IIJjnfU_QLz4/edit?usp=sharing
- Canva: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API
- Using Tiles to Draw the Canvas: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Techniques/Tilemaps
- Collision Detection: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Tutorials/2D_Breakout_game_pure_JavaScript/Collision_detection
- Draw Canvas, Hero and Bugs: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/drawImage
- Hero Movements on Keypress: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Techniques/Control_mechanisms/Desktop_with_mouse_and_keyboard
- Game Loop: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Games/Anatomy
- Sprite Movement: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40324351/how-to-move-a-sprite-forward-in-javascript
- HTML5 Game Course: https://devdojo.com/course/html5-platform-game/introduction
- HTML5 Game Example: https://www.creativebloq.com/html5/build-tile-based-html5-game-31410992
- Javascript Game Book:https://books.google.ca/books?id=E_amBAAAQBAJ&lpg=PR23&pg=PR31#v=onepage&q&f=false
- Book Advanced Game Design with HTML5 and JavaScript - Authors: van der Spuy, Rex

### Created By
- Julliana Bauer
- John Robertson
